Backups feature errorcodes (#7016)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-cloud/databases/backups.md

<figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (73).png" alt="Download or delete backup"><figcaption><p>Download or delete backup</p></figcaption></figure>

### Create Backup Errors

> On a failed create backup you can click on the triangle to get more information about the failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a backup creation fails, you can click the triangle icon to view more details about the error.
```

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Error Name</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>CreateDatabaseBackupFailedUnableToFindResource</td>
            <td>Metadata for new backup is missing.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>CreateDatabaseBackupFailedUnableToFindOperation</td>
            <td>Operation metadata for new backup is missing.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>CreateDatabaseBackupFailedUnableToCreatePointInTimeRestore</td>

>             <td>Cannot create the temporary database used to do a point in time.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>Cannot create the temporary database used for point-in-time restore.</td>
```

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>CreateDatabaseBackupFailedUnableToStartDatabaseRestore</td>

>             <td>Point in time restore on temporary database failed.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>Point-in-time restore on the temporary database failed.</td>
```

        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>CreateBackupJobContainerFailed</td>

>             <td>Job that creates and stores backup file failed.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>The job that creates and stores the backup file failed.</td>
```

        </tr>
                <tr>
            <td>CreateBackupJobContainerUnknownError</td>

>             <td>Uncategorized error during job that creates and stores backup file.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>An uncategorized error occurred during the job that creates and stores the backup file.</td>
```

Once the Database has been uploaded, restoring the backup to your environment is possible.

### Upload Database Errors

> On a failed upload you can click on the triangle to get more information about the failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an upload fails, you can click the triangle icon to view more details about the error.
```

<table>
    <thead>
        <tr>
            <th>Error Name</th>
            <th>Description</th>
        </tr>
    </thead>
    <tbody>
        <tr>
            <td>ImportBackupAborted</td>
            <td>User aborted the upload.</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>ImportBackupFailedUnknown</td>

>             <td>Unknown error happened during upload.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <td>An unknown error occurred during the upload.</td>
```
